= Padrino form errors helper

This plugin is overriding standard +error_messages_for+ and +error_message_on+. 
Now you can decide in which template will be displayed your validation messages. 

== Installation

Install plugin via rubygems:

  gem install padrino-form-errors
  
And register plugin in your <tt>app.rb</tt> file:

  class MyApp < Padrino::Application
    register Padrino::Helpers
    register Padrino::Mailer
    register Padrino::FormErrors
    # ...
  
Now you can run generator:

  padrino-gen form_errors
  
Now in <tt>app/views/shared</tt> you'll two new partials should be present:

<tt>_error_messages.html.*</tt> :: template for error_messages_for
<tt>_error_message.html.*</tt>  :: template for error_message_on

You can freely modify views listed above.

== Overriding templates

In +_error_messages+ you can use following local variables:

+object+  :: main object passed in arguments (or associated with form)
+objects+ :: list of all objects passed in arguments

You can display all errors using <tt>#errors</tt> method from specified object, eg:

  %h3= #{object.class.human_name} couldn't be saved
  %ul
    - objects.each do |o|
      - o.errors.full_messages.each do |msg|
        %li= msg  

In +_error_message+ there are following local variables:

+object+ :: object passed in arguments (or associated with form)
+field+  :: field name passed in arguments
+error+  :: error message

== Usage

You don't have to learn nothing new about how to use functionalities provided
by this plugin. Like I said it overrides standard helpers, so when you will
write... 

  - form_for @user, url(:users_create) do |f|
    = f.error_messages
    -# ...
    
...then error messages for this form will be displayed using from your shared
templates. The same is with +error_messages_for+ and +error_message_on+. 

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Kriss 'nu7hatch' Kowalik. See LICENSE for details.
